README.md, before:

# XAP builder on docker

#### This folder contains

1. jenkins-docker -- a directory with docker file and scrip to build and to run xap image that run docker with xap jobs.
2. jenkins_home -- the jenkins configuration that should mounted to the jenkins images.
3. `.gitignore` file that ignore files in docker_home that should not committed to git (passwords, old run ,logs, etc).
4. This readme file that explain how to build the container and run it.

## Build the image.

From the `jenkins-docker` folder run ./build.sh
  
## Run the image.
For the first run you will have to create empty folders that will contains the build files.

1. Create an`m2` directory in the `xap-jenkins` folder, this folder will be mount in the container to /home/jenkins/.m2
2. Create a `workspaces`  directory in the `xap-jenkins` folder, this folder will be mount in the container to /var/workspaces and will be used as directory where all the jobs workspaces will be created.
3. Create a keypair for this user `ssh-keygen -t rsa -b 4096 -C "xap-builder@gigaspaces.com"` and upload the public key to github as xap-dev (https://github.com/settings/keys) the folder ~/.ssh will be mounted in the container to /home/jenkins/.ssh
4. Run the script `run.sh` from the `jenkins-docker` folder.
5. login to jenkins with barak:barak and update the users remove the users you do not need.

## Configuration

### Email 

smpt:server:smtp.gmail.com
username:newman@gigaspaces.com
password:***
port:465


		
### Extended E-mail Notification

Default content: `${SCRIPT, template="xap-groovy-html.template"}`

Commit message:

update readme - how to commit changes to git hub

README.md, after:

# XAP builder on docker

#### This folder contains

1. jenkins-docker -- a directory with docker file and scrip to build and to run xap image that run docker with xap jobs.
2. jenkins_home -- the jenkins configuration that should mounted to the jenkins images.
3. `.gitignore` file that ignore files in docker_home that should not committed to git (passwords, old run ,logs, etc).
4. This readme file that explain how to build the container and run it.

## Build the image.

From the `jenkins-docker` folder run ./build.sh
  
## Run the image.
For the first run you will have to create empty folders that will contains the build files.

1. Create an`m2` directory in the `xap-jenkins` folder, this folder will be mount in the container to /home/jenkins/.m2
2. Create a `workspaces`  directory in the `xap-jenkins` folder, this folder will be mount in the container to /var/workspaces and will be used as directory where all the jobs workspaces will be created.
3. Create a keypair for this user `ssh-keygen -t rsa -b 4096 -C "xap-builder@gigaspaces.com"` and upload the public key to github as xap-dev (https://github.com/settings/keys) the folder ~/.ssh will be mounted in the container to /home/jenkins/.ssh
4. Run the script `run.sh` from the `jenkins-docker` folder.
5. login to jenkins with barak:barak and update the users remove the users you do not need.
6.

## Commit changes to github
1. login to pc-lab1002.
2. cd /home/xap/automation/xap-jenkins
3. run git status and verified the branch is master, aslo exmine the updated changes on the local disk.
4. run git add <file name/golder name> which you would like to add to repository.
5. run git commit -m "write the commit message here"
6. run git push.


## Configuration

### Email 

smpt:server:smtp.gmail.com
username:newman@gigaspaces.com
password:***
port:465


		
### Extended E-mail Notification

Default content: `${SCRIPT, template="xap-groovy-html.template"}`
